[node.js] Add new commercial support column. (#6048)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/nodejs.md

---
title: Node.js
category: framework

> tags: javascript-runtime herodevs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tags: javascript-runtime
```

I am still unsure we should add a `herodevs` tags. And currently only nvm is tagged with it, so I would prefer if this addition was addressed for all herodevs supported products separately.

Author: Thanks for your input, @marcwrobel 

Is there a particular reason HeroDevs shouldn't be one of the tags? We see perhaps a dozen companies in the [tag list](https://endoflife.date/tags).

Regarding the longer paragraph, I'll ask Joe where that came from. It does seem to repeat the link a few times.

Reviewer: > Is there a particular reason HeroDevs shouldn't be one of the tags? We see perhaps a dozen companies in the [tag list](https://endoflife.date/tags).

We have a very strict policy to avoid having too much tags, see https://endoflife.date/contribute. So for now only the product vendor is added in tags.

And for the particular case of `herodevs` I don't strongly disagree to add one, but I would like to discuss this in another PR so that:

- everybody in the team can give its opinion,
- all products illegible to HeroDevs never-ending support are tagged at once,
- all products having mentioning another third-party support provider also have its tag (to be fair).

Author: @marcwrobel I've kicked off the discussion with a new issue:

Potentially add a herodevs tag for products supported by HeroDevs
https://github.com/endoflife-date/endoflife.date/issues/6504

If an even-numbered release above is _not marked as LTS_, then it has not entered "Active LTS" and
is not recommended for Production use.

> Commercial support for Node.js is available post end-of-life through the [OpenJS
> Foundation's Ecosystem Sustainability Program](https://openjsf.org/ecosystem-sustainability-program) (ESP). For more information about
> commercial support options for Node.js, learn more on
> [their website](https://www.herodevs.com/support/node-nes) and get
> commercial support from [HeroDevs](https://www.herodevs.com/support/node-nes) with
> [https://www.herodevs.com/support/node-nes](https://www.herodevs.com/support/node-nes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node.js is part of the [OpenJS Foundation's Ecosystem Sustainability Program](https://openjsf.org/ecosystem-sustainability-program) (ESP). Commercial support is available for some deprecated LTS versions of Node.js through the [HeroDevs Never-Ending Support](https://www.herodevs.com/support/node-nes) initiative.
```

The https://www.herodevs.com/support/node-nes link is repeated 3 times, I would prefer something simpler such as what was documented for https://endoflife.date/angular. WDYT ?

Author: Your version is much better.
